[Stanton] Your vitals are
good. heart rate. respiration.
but you're burning O2
reserves. What's your ETA?
[Joyner] Best guess.
ten. 15 minutes?
[Stanton] It's already been
90. I'm calling you in.
I'm doing elbow surgery
on a two-ton robotic arm
in the cold vacuum of space.
I'm not fixing a Chevy Chevelle.
Down there. I don't have
to worry about my mechanic
violently decompressing.
What's your point?
[Joyner] This may take a minute.
[Stanton] Problem will
still be there tomorrow.
[Joyner] Technically. tomorrow
doesn't exist in space.
Just "later."
-so let's get 'er done.
-All right. you've got...
[transmission breaks up]
Captain Stanton?
-Captain Sta...
-You're cutting out.
Let's reel you back in
and check your comms.
[crackling] Can you hear me?
Captain Stant...
-[static]
-Stanton. do you read me?
-Comms are down.
[Stanton] Joyner!
Joyner. behind you!
Joyner!
Oh...
[grunts]
Joyner!
[straining]
[alarm blaring]
I'm coming.
I'm stuck.
I'm all tangled.
I'm tangled!
Behind you!
Move! Behind you!
[grunts]
[Simpson] Six months ago.
the LAFD lost a hero.
To honor his
leadership. his service
and his sacrifice.
from today on. this will
be the Robert Wade Nash
Memorial Station.
Now. Interim Captain Han
will say a few words.
Thank you. Chief.
When Chief Simpson first spoke
to me about a tribute for Cap.
we debated what to do.
Should it be
"The Robert Nash
Memorial Ladder Truck"?
Or a building at the academy
to inspire new recruits?
And then I realized that
when I think of Bobby...
...I picture him here.
in this building.
Manning that stove.
gathering us all
around the table.
taking a team...
and making it into a family.
And now we've got this plaque...
...to tell anyone who
walks through these doors
what we already know:
This is Bobby's house.
Bobby would have hated
his name on the wall.
Maybe not as much as I do.
Hey.
he deserves his
name on the wall.
and you have done a great job
of holding everything
together since he's been gone.
He would be really proud of you.
Maybe not as proud as I am.
Well. they all
don't hate me yet.
Chim. the vibes here are good.
Really good.
That partnership
seems to be going well.
-[both laughing]
-[Chimney] Yeah.
I don't know why I was worried.
I'm not saying it's a
bad thing. I just think
-it's kind of weird. you know?
-No.
-Jinx!
[laughing]
Usually. when you start
working with new people.
it takes a while to
get used to each other.
To find a rhythm.
but no. not with the
dream team over there.
They act like they've been
working together for years.
They have been working
together for years.
You've all been working
You're both seniors now. right?
Well. I actually should have
enough credits to
be done in December.
And I keep telling her to forget
this school thing
and get a real job.
He just wants me to
get a bigger place.
A man needs his own bathroom.
You're not living with your mom?
Well. I didn't want
to switch schools. so
Mom's been letting me crash
at May's since the fire.
Well. you give her my best.
I'm sorry I didn't
get to see her today.
Us. too.
I just tried calling her
again and it keeps going
straight to voicemail.
Athena didn't tell
you she wasn't coming?
No. no. There-there was
a text this morning.
"Sorry but I can't
make it today.
"Something's come up.
Please give everyone my love."
[Karen] Yeah. and we've
tried calling her four times
since then and
she's not answering.
I just don't know what could be
more important than...
remembering Bobby.
You are really extraordinary.
Oh.
You know. for months I've been
swiping right. and nothing.
Then. I turn left
at a farmers market
and I meet you. Now.
numbers are my job.
and even I can't
believe those odds.
I can't believe this
is just our first date.
Well. here's to a second.
Mm. Oh!
-Oh.
-Oh. my Lord.
-Oh. I'm so sorry.
-It's okay. It's okay.
It's. you know.
first date jitters.
-I understand.
-I'm so sorry.
I'm just out of
practice. Would you
-excuse me just for a moment?
-Of course.
-I'll be right back.
-Okay.
All right.
♪ ♪
[Maynard] Athena. why
are you back here?
I'm not exactly
hearing a confession.
He's one cabernet away
from naming Capone.
and if he wasn't.
you've got this.
Contacts for every mobster
west of the Hollywood Sign.
[Newell] Now that's
worth the frostbite.
I told you she was good.
Two. three more dates. and
we'll have enough for the D.A.
Now just keep his
tongue wagging.
[chirps]
[sighs. laughs]
Sondra. Everything all right?
-More than all right.
-Good.
'cause while you were away.
I was eyeing that cabernet
that you suggested.
-I think we should...
-[Cordell] Federal agents.
Jonathan Prescott.
you're under arrest.
Stand up slowly.
What is this?
That's what I'd like to know.
Damn it.
You must be Athena Grant.
I'm Special Agent Cordell. FBI.
Apologies for stepping
on your toes here.
Five weeks.
Five weeks of 2:00
a.m. "you ups"
and relearning how
to flirt. No. sir.
You don't get to blow up my spot
and not call me Sergeant Grant.
Sondra?
[Cordell] Apologies.
Sergeant Grant. We're
rounding up names
for a RICO warrant and
your date was on our list.
Not my date. my suspect.
You've done a damn fine job.
I'm impressed.
[crowd chanting] Eat
the rich! Eat the rich!
Hey. hey! Ho. ho!
Billionaires have got to go!
-Billionaires have got to go!
-[phone ringing]
[sighs]
Myron. it's getting
ugly out here.
Yeah. No kidding. On my way in.
some guy pegged me
with a water balloon.
Listen.
your boy better show this time.
If we don't nail him to
a press strategy soon...
Tripp Hauser is a
visionary. okay?
He's always paddled
his own canoe.
even before his first billion.
He will give this meeting
his full attention
when he joins...
remotely.
Remotely?
Where the hell is he now?
♪ ♪
[watch alarm ringing]
What up. bean counters?
-P.R. girl.
-Crisis manager.
Tripp. why are you in a boat?
Because you scheduled
this crucifixion
during my a.m. paddle jam.
Do you remember
why you hired me?
Because you are in a crisis.
They're saying that
you engineered your app
to be addictive to young people.
Who doesn't love
a return customer?
-And then there's the bugs.
-We'll do a patch
-next update.
-[Myron] No.
actual bugs. Apparently
our microchip plant
in Penang is endangering
a native beetle.
But you want to
know the real meat
of your crap sandwich?
Don't do it. Dawn. Don't say it.
-MacroNova.
-Look. private spaceflight
just doesn't poll well
in Middle America.
You spent $100 million to
send four Real Housewives
and Miss Universe into space.
[Myron] It-It's not
just the polls. Tripp.
Since your last "voyage."
there's been a dip in our stock.
Bottom line: If you can't
un-dip. the board may consider
a change in leadership.
Well. you tell the board
I will not be
intimidated by them.
My IQ's 150. my resting
heart rate's 41.
I've got the telomeres
of a 22-year-old gymnast.
I will eat them for lunch.
The billionaire? He's lost?
[Dawn] We know
exactly where he is.
we just don't know where it is.
-Oh. God!
-[Maddie] It?
-The whale.
-There's a whale?
Well. we think it's a
whale. It happened quickly.
-It ate him. One bite.
-That. we know for sure.
-Oh! Oh. man.
-You have reception?
Satellite.
Oh. It reeks in here.
[Maddie] Hi. Mr. Hauser.
I'm Maddie. 911.
What exactly is going on?
[Tripp] I was kayaking
off Angel's Gate
and this thing
swallowed me whole!
If it was near Angel's Gate.
it's likely a humpback.
Mr. Hauser. the good news is
we think it was a humpback.
That's the good news?
Well. it means you haven't
actually been swallowed.
Their throats are tiny.
Probably trapped
you in its mouth
-when it breached to feed.
-[Dawn] So our move
is... just wait
till it spits him out and
hope he doesn't drown?
[Maddie] Your move is to
sit tight while I get help.
[Sue] Hey. I'm gonna
reach out to the Coast Guard.
[siren wailing]
[Ravi] He's stuck in its teeth?
They don't have teeth.
It's baleen.
[Buck] What are you two.
whale experts now?
IMAX documentary.
Ewan McGregor narrated.
You guys went to IMAX together?
[Chimney] Dispatch.
we got a 20 on Shamu?
GPS on my caller's smartwatch
has it in Long Beach.
Queensway Bay.
I've got Coast Guard coming.
but right now. you're
the tip of the spear.
-Or harpoon.
-Mr. Hauser.
I want you to try and slow
your breathing to preserve
your oxygen. okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
[sirens wailing]
See any whales?
[Chimney] I'm looking
for the Coast Guard.
Thar she blows.
[Hen] I don't see
any rescue boats.
Yeah. me. neither.
Dispatch. where's
our water rescue?
[Maddie] The boats are 20
minutes out. air support is 12.
He doesn't have 12 minutes.
When the animal
comes up for air.
it'll probably spit him out.
How long does Ewan McGregor
say they can stay underwater?
At least 45 minutes.
Then we gotta
somehow force it up.
[Buck] How?
Ravi. Buck. inch
and a half lines.
But he's not on fire.
Eddie. grab the gated wye.
And. Hen. we're gonna
need a parking cone.
[Chimney] Humpbacks sing
to each other. right?
They hear sounds
through water for miles.
Loud noises. like boat engines.
can force them to the surface.
So we put that parking
cone over the siren.
connect it to the gated valve.
run an inch and a half
line through it. charge it
full blast. and we're pumping
120 decibels right into the bay.
[Buck] Okay. am I the
only one who didn't see
this documentary?
Not a documentary. Star
Trek IV: The Voyage Home.
All right. Ravi.
-Let 'er rip!
-You got it.
Loose!
All right. Eddie. hit the siren.
[siren wailing]
[siren continues wailing]
[whale singing]
[Maddie] Tripp. do you
hear anything in there?
Tripp?
118. he isn't responding.
We're losing him.
[siren continues wailing]
Come on.
Hey. hey! There he is!
-[Hen] Is he alive?
-[Chimney] All right.
let's hitch the
litter to the aerial.
We gotta move...
...fast.
I didn't tell him to do that.
Hey. I wanted to do that.
♪ ♪
[bystander] Is
that Tripp Hauser?
[Chimney] All right.
let's get in there.
Bag. Cap.
-God. TikTok is gonna love this.
-Buck?
Okay. hey. come on.
people. Back it up.
Back it up. Back
it up. Let's go.
[Chimney] Come on.
We got him!
[Hen] We got him.
[sighs]
[coughing]
[panting] Thank you.
You saved me from that fish.
It's a mammal. sir.
[Tripp coughs]
Did the board get that?
Tripp Hauser
is still the top
of the food chain.
Loud and clear. Tripp.
Nice work. Captain 118.
[Chimney] Interim
captain. Please tell
Saint Ray's we're
bringing in a live one.
You should see the
one that got away.
[Maynard] He didn't get away.
Feds say they have enough for
three counts of wire fraud.
Oh. and they sent you these.
The FBI hijacks our case.
and they send muffins?
A lot less paperwork
than a closure report.
Closure report? We were
just getting started.
The FBI may have his phone.
but not my calls with him.
Over a month of recon
that they don't have.
They do now.
They filed for a
jurisdiction transfer.
What was ours is now theirs.
Besides. your cover was blown
when your date ended early.
thanks to Federal Agent...
Cordell.
Damn muffin man.
Closed or not...
...you should still
be proud of your work.
Okay. what's the next case?
There is none.
There's got to be something.
Look. I understand
that you've been
wanting to keep
yourself occupied.
Elaine.
This is your fourth undercover.
If you're angling
to make detective...
What and sit behind
a desk all day?
Hell no. I love my job.
Well. then maybe it's time.
For what?
Time for you to go back
to being Athena Grant.
♪ ♪
Well. billionaire
bad boy Tripp Hauser
has got himself
in hot water again
as animal rights activists
are setting their sights
on this polarizing CEO.
Stock prices for Hauser's
Techtonyx have sunk even deeper.
If this trend continues.
it'll be the
shareholders who are left
-high and dry.
-[Harry] Order up for Jeff?
Harry?
Hi. Mom.
What are you doing here?
I... I work here.
And why aren't you at school?
Because I dropped out.
I dropped out of high school.
[barista] Order up for Athena.
[kids shouting. laughing]
Ha-ha.
Yeah. we'll see who's laughing
when you're walking home.
-[Clay] Give me that!
-[Bernie] Hey!
-You two. knock it off!
-Tell him
to stop sexting my girlfriend.
You're ten years old!
And I've got more game than
you ever will. old man.
Little demons.
Wish they'd all just drop dead.
Hey.
Hey. what's going on back there?
Kids?
Wake up!
Kids. wake up!
Kids...
[tires screeching]
[car horn honking]
[car horn honks]
[people screaming]
[people gasping]
[siren wailing]
Possible DUI.
Witnesses say they saw
the driver swerving
all over the place.
Copy that. Ravi.
chock the tires.
Buck. de-energize the bus.
Hen. Eddie...
[Eddie] Whoa.
[slurring] "Occifer."
I... I didn't mean to...
Sir. have you been
-drinking?
-No. it's water.
[Chimney] All right. guys.
check him out. Thank
God this bus is empty.
But it's not.
[Chimney] All right.
Hen. Eddie. take the bus.
Nathan. Taylor.
check out the driver.
[Hen gasps]
Chim. I don't think
this is a DUI.
I got about 15 unconscious
kids in here.
All right. Garcia.
DeSoto. on the bus.
Yes. Cap.
[Athena] Hey.
it's water. So whatever he's on.
those kids are on it. too.
And they're smaller.
so it hit 'em harder.
You thinking carbon monoxide?
Wake up. kiddos.
It's time to go.
It's not CO. Chim.
I'm getting baseline
levels in here.
[Chimney] All right.
guys. finish the evac.
start positive pressure
ventilation till we can
figure out what did this.
[Buck] Hey. guys?
I think I might know.
What do you got?
Okay. so everything is
de-energized. but you see that?
-Something's leaking.
-It's coming from that hose.
[Ravi] Why does it smell like
-waffles?
-It's antifreeze.
Engine must've overheated.
compromising this hose.
I'm betting it got
into the AC system.
Yeah. and then all those
kids breathed it in.
[medic] Set him down over here.
Whatever this is.
it's getting worse.
He's tachycardic.
BP's 160/95.
-I'm losing him.
-Check his glucose level.
What-what are you thinking?
I'm thinking ethylene
glycol poisoning.
Starts out as mild intoxication.
But then the body
metabolizes to glycolic acid.
which shuts down the organs.
If that's right. then
we're looking at 15 kids
in multiple organ failure.
[device beeps]
220. He's right.
Do we have any
fomepizole on the rig?
-Only two doses.
-Ethanol blocks ethylene glycol.
We don't carry any.
and we don't have time
to wait for more RAs.
[Hen] Ethanol.
Are you thinking what I
think you're thinking?
Listen. I know it's
risky. but at least
it'll keep them alive.
Hey. psychic friend
networks. can one of you
translate your thoughts
into actual words
so we know what
the plan is here.
What's another word for ethanol?
[sighs]
I'm so gonna get fired.
[scanner beeping]
Oh. no. this is not for
us. This is for the kids.
This is Millie.
ten-year-old female.
Heart rate's 92. We've
administered saline
and two shots of 80-proof rum.
This is Libby. 11. We
started her on 40 mils
of Irish whiskey.
we're monitoring her.
[Ravi] Clay and Dexter.
-two tequila shots each.
-They're responding
very well to treatment.
-Bruh.
Nice work. you two.
[phone vibrating]
Hello?
Yes. sir.
Absolutely. right away.
Everything okay?
That was Chief Simpson.
He has something
urgent to discuss.
So he wants to see me?
No. he wants to see me.
They're right in here.
Who's they?
Chief Simpson.
Wilson. I believe you
already know Mr. Hauser.
You pumped krill
out of my lungs.
Call me Tripp.
Hen.
And it was a team effort.
Oh. this is Dawn. Myron
and my social media whiz kid.
-I know his name...
-It's Jensen.
Okay. That doesn't sound right.
Um. Tripp. you've...
you've really recovered well.
Real talk?
I didn't get how close I came
until I saw the video.
-What video?
-[snaps fingers]
I mean. it's crazy.
I mean. clearly.
I'm dead. And then
you come along.
and I'm not dead.
See? Dead. not dead. Dead.
not dead. Dead. not dead.
It really was a team effort.
I mean. Eddie was the one
-that jumped off the bridge.
-I didn't see that part.
I was dead.
But when I woke up...
it was your face that I saw.
My guardian angel.
[Dawn] TikTok loved it.
I mean. they still hate
Tripp. but they love you.
[Tripp] And I want
to reward you for it.
You're very kind. but you
don't have to reward me.
I was just doing my job.
MacroNova has offered to
donate $5 million to the LAFD.
-Oh.
-You need firetrucks.
I need goodwill. Win-win.
It's not just trucks. Wilson.
95% of our budget
goes to staffing.
A donation like this
would be a shot in the arm
for new equipment.
upgrades to the firehouses.
We could expand
counseling services
to our firefighters
and their families.
Well. that-that is
incredible. Chief.
I just need my guardian angel
to do me a tiny little favor.
Space?
Tripp Hauser
is sending you to space?
Low-Earth orbit.
We'd go up about
a hundred miles.
we do two laps
around the planet. and
then we come back down.
Huh.
You know why he's
doing this. right?
This is all damage control.
Tripp Hauser is trying
to fix his image
by sending a normal
person to space.
Two normal people.
I got him to give me a plus-one.
[chuckling] What?
You didn't think I was gonna
leave my rocket scientist wife
down here on Earth?
[gasps]
You're coming to space with me.
[stammering]
I-I'm going to space?
-You're going to space. babe!
-[chuckles]
[laughing]
I can't go to space.
What?
This has been your dream.
Since... always.
I am a serious scientist.
Also. there are several
pending lawsuits
between him and the
people I work for.
I doubt he'd even let
me near the launchpad.
Well. if you're not
going. I'm not going.
Like hell you're not.
One of us gets to go to space.
Alone?
Well. you still
have your plus-one.
Take one of the guys with you.
[sighs] Yeah.
[sputters]
But which one?
Don't ask me to solve
all of your problems.
I just gave up going to space.
[knocking]
You're late.
I had class.
-[scoffs]
-Oh. good.
I was afraid maybe both
my children had abandoned
their academic pursuits.
What?
Your brother. he dropped
out of high school.
Since when?
Day I turned 18.
I got a job at that coffee
shop on La Brea instead.
Is that why we always have
pastries at the house now?
[sighs] I'd take comfort in
not being the last one to know
if it wasn't for the
fact that he was living
under your roof
when it happened.
How did you miss it?
You're his mother.
What is that supposed to mean?
[May] Maybe if you showed up
a little bit more.
Mom. you'd have a clue
about what goes
on with your kids.
I show up.
[May] Every time we
invite you somewhere.
you say no.
Or. worse. you say yes
-and then cancel an hour before.
-That is not true.
-[scoffs]
-Every Thursday night.
May and I go to Hen and Karen's
house for a home-cooked meal.
You are always invited.
and you never show up.
I know. but I...
Sunday morning.
FaceTime pancakes with Dad.
Monday night. Bachelor
-with Buck.
-Bobby's dedication ceremony.
I'm sorry. I wanted to be there.
-I really did.
-But you weren't.
We lost Bobby and
we lost you. too.
That is not true.
I am here. now.
and I am still your mother.
Harry.
You haven't been our
mother since Bobby died.
-Harry.
-[door opens]
Harry. wait.
[door closes]
[indistinct chatter]
-[ululating]
-[screams. yelling]
Oh!
Yo!
-[groans]
-[laughter]
[Hen groans]
You heard about
Tripp Hauser's offer?
[Chimney] The chief told me.
Although. when he said it.
sounded more like an order.
-not an offer.
-[grunts]
Figured you might
want to be prepared
for any close encounters
you might make up there.
[Buck] It was my idea.
Didn't say it wasn't.
Didn't say it was.
So Karen must be super stoked.
She finally gets to go to space.
She said she can't go.
What?
Why not?
Something about her
work and a lawsuit
-with Hauser.
-But you still get to go. right?
She wants me to.
But I don't know that I
still want to go without her.
[Ravi] Well. you
have your plus-one.
You can bring someone else.
[Chimney] Uh...
someone else?
Come on. Ravioli.
I think we all know
who Hen's gonna take.
Do we?
Don't we?
[alarm ringing]
[Buck] Uh. listen. Hen.
don't let them
pressure you. okay?
This is your decision.
Thanks. Buck.
I always got your back.
And if you decide
to take me to space.
-then...
-Unbelievable.
What makes you think that?
Um...
He called about a smell.
You know how many calls
we get about smells?
"My neighbor smokes."
"My neighbor vapes."
"My neighbor likes
to make spicy foods."
People actually call about that?
They call about everything.
Said "25"?
Gina Moningham. Wow.
Here since the '90s.
[knocking]
Hello? LAPD.
Is anyone home?
Maybe she went out.
Open the door.
O-kay.
[groans]
That's a smell.
[groans softly]
Hello?
-Is anyone here?
-[creaking]
LAPD.
Ma'am?
Gina?
I'm Sergeant Athena Grant
with the LAPD.
Ma'am. [gasps]
Damn.
♪ ♪
Dispatch.
This is 727-L-30.
We have a 10-55...
[gasping loudly]
[screams]
I got a pulse but barely.
What the hell is that?
I mean. it looks like
she's been dead for weeks.
My guess?
Necrotizing fasciitis.
Bacterial infection.
She's been rotting
alive in here.
Alone.
[Hen] She's not
stable enough to move.
[Chimney] Let's get
her heart rate up.
["Mad World" by Jasmine
Thompson playing]
[Eddie] Temp is way
down. Fluid in her lungs.
I don't even know
how she's breathing.
[Chimney] Get her prepped
for transcutaneous pacing.
[Hen] On it.
♪ Are familiar faces ♪
♪ Worn-out places ♪
♪ Worn-out faces ♪
-♪ Bright and early... ♪
-[Chimney] Set the pads.
-Administer analgesic.
-[Hen] Pulse is down to 43.
Pressure dropping.
♪ Going nowhere ♪
♪ Their tears are filling
up their glasses ♪
♪ No expression... ♪
[Eddie] Pads in
place and secure.
[Hen] Checking ECG complex.
♪ Hide my head ♪
♪ I want to drown my sorrow ♪
♪ No tomorrow. no tomorrow ♪
♪ I find it kind of funny ♪
♪ I find it kind of sad ♪
♪ The dreams in
which I'm dying ♪
-♪ Are the best I've ever had ♪
-[Hen] She's crashing.
[monitor beeping]
Pulse is 31. No heartbeat.
[Chimney] Put the
output curve to maximum.
100 beats per minute.
[Buck] Cap. what can I do?
♪ When people run in circles ♪
♪ It's a very. very ♪
♪ Mad world ♪
-[flatlining]
-♪ Children waiting ♪
♪ For the day they... ♪
Coming up on capture.
♪ Happy birthday.
happy birthday ♪
♪ And I feel the way that
every child should... ♪
[Chimney] Transcutaneous pacing.
Ready?
[Hen] Hold on.
♪ Sit and listen ♪
♪ Went to school and I
was very nervous... ♪
-[whirring]
-[Chimney] Initiating
in three. two. one.
[knocking]
♪ No one knew me ♪
♪ Hello. teacher. tell me ♪
♪ What's my lesson? ♪
[Eddie] Chest
muscles contracting.
[Chimney] Keep that going.
I got a sinus rhythm.
-She's stabilizing.
-[Chimney] Okay. okay.
Good. good. Well done. guys.
♪ Funny. I find it kind of sad ♪
♪ The dreams in which I'm
dying are the best... ♪
[Eddie] I've got affected
areas on her hands.
arms. upper torso. neck. and
face. but no apparent injury.
On this hand. it's like
a knife wound. right?
Or a soup can wound.
Foodborne bacteria and she
didn't get it checked out.
[Athena] Or didn't care to.
Let's get in the ambulance.
try to keep her alive
en route to the
hospital. Come on.
♪ Mad world ♪
[exhales]
♪ Mad world. ♪
You're restocking the ambulance?
I had some free time.
Thought I'd put it to good use.
Well. it looks good.
[sniffs] It smells good.
Mm. That's the air freshener.
-Oh.
-You know me...
always ready.
No matter the environment.
-Uh-huh.
-Does anyone want
an afternoon pick-me-up?
Vanilla latte.
With oat milk. Extra hot.
Thanks. Buck.
You're bringing her coffee?
Uh. you're restocking
already stocked ambulances.
Okay. guys. this is
getting a little...
[Chimney] Firefighter Wilson.
Just the person I
was looking for.
[Hen] Oh.
I'm the 118 Firefighter
of the Month?
-Since when is this a thing?
-[Chimney] That certificate
is suitable for framing.
Plus. it comes with
a $50 gift card.
-Oh. so it's a bribe.
-How much was that latte. Buck?
I used petty cash.
[Chimney] Oh. so you bribed her
with other people's money. Okay.
You're making up fake
awards so she can take you
-as her plus-one.
-I don't need
to make up fake awards.
And it sounds as if you
don't think she deserves it.
Well. I disagree.
Congratulations. Firefighter.
And. by the way. if
you were to choose me.
just know that I wouldn't
be going as your boss...
I'd be going as
your best friend.
Oh. come on. We're
gonna play that card?
Nearly two decades
as her best friend.
That's not a card.
That's a full deck.
-We are still best friends. right. Hen?
-Chim.
[Eddie] Maybe I should
play the "guy who actually"
"saved Hauser's life" card.
[Chimney] No one told you
to jump off of that bridge.
You get no card.
I didn't need to be told.
Actually. Diaz. you
do need to be told
to do something like that.
You don't just jump in.
That's stupid and
reckless. like Buck.
In fact. you should probably
be written up for something
-like that.
-I'll remember that. Han.
That's "Captain Han" to you.
You're just a temp.
You know what? I didn't
even want to go to space.
But you know what
feels good right now?
Space.
Give me some.
[stammers]
[Friedman] We're treating the
infection with antibiotics.
Has she woken up?
-Said anything?
-She's been unconscious
since she was brought in.
Though. given her wounds.
that might not be
the worst thing.
[sighs] Right.
Did our staff speak
with you about tracking
down Ms. Moningham's family?
She didn't have an
emergency contact on record.
No. we haven't found anyone yet.
I hope you do.
It makes a difference
if someone cares.
-♪ ♪
-[monitor beeping steadily]
[knocking]
I come in peace.
Also with lager.
You gonna write
me up if I say no?
No. I've laid down the weapons
of intergalactic war. okay?
All right.
Technically. I think we
should be at Hen's doorstep
with these apology beers.
Yeah.
I already tried calling her.
She sent me to voicemail.
Me. too.
[chuckling]
You know everybody's really glad
that you're in charge. right?
I spend half the day
trying to convince myself
that I can actually do
this and the other half
waiting for Chief Simpson
to finally tell me
he's found a real
captain to take over.
You could be the real captain.
All you got to do is
take that damned test.
I don't know why you won't.
[sighs]
It just doesn't seem
right. you know?
It feels... disrespectful
for me. of all people. to try
to step into Bobby's shoes.
Mm.
Yeah. these last six months
without Bobby have
been tough enough.
Someone coming in
from the outside?
They won't stand a chance.
We're lucky to have you.
Most of the time.
[exhales sharply] Thanks.
I miss him.
Me. too.
Truth is. I don't want to go
to space. [chuckles softly]
I-I don't even like
flying domestically.
But Chim was yelling at Eddie
and Eddie was yelling
at Chim and...
I just... I didn't want
to be left out. you know?
The-the weird part was...
after Hen walked away...
...I-I turned around...
...half expecting
to see Bobby there.
Shaking his head and
giving me that...
"what were you thinking?"
face. [chuckles softly]
Uh. o-obviously. he...
he wasn't there.
I even miss his looks
of disappointment.
[Maddie over baby monitor] Buck.
You have to stop.
It's past his bedtime.
Yeah. yeah.
Say good night. Buck.
[Nash babbles]
Okay.
-We'll pick this up tomorrow.
-[babbling]
[Athena] I went to see
Gina in the hospital today.
I don't think she
was always this way.
She...
had a different life before.
People who cared. People
who would've called.
Can't help but wonder if...
they stopped calling or
she stopped answering or...
She's not you.
[exhales]
It's hard.
being around people
who loved him.
Even my own kids.
I know that sounds crazy. but...
...that's how I feel.
That's why I didn't
go to the dedication.
I mean. I knew it was important.
And Lord knows he
deserved the honor.
But I also knew that I
couldn't take sitting there.
listening to all the
great Bobby Nash stories.
It just hurt too much.
I don't want to talk about him.
I just want to talk to him.
And I can't do that.
Ever again.
Athena.
You get to take whatever time
and grieve however you need.
Karen and I are gonna keep
inviting you to dinner.
-no matter how many times you turn us down.
-Mm.
We ain't gonna never
stop calling you.
Oh. don't you worry about me.
I have learned my lesson.
[sighs]
Next invitation I get.
the answer is yes.
["Also sprach Zarathustra"
by Richard Strauss playing]
♪ ♪